Update docs about customising templates to mention CiviCRM Regions (#798)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/framework/templates/customizing.md

    As CiviCRM evolves, the recommended ways of customizing it change.   The current preferred method is to Create an Extension to implement Hooks and use the API.  If you can't find a way to use existing hooks to accomplish what you want, discuss it on StackExchange or Chat.  It may be appropriate to add a new hook to core.
    
    (It is possible to override templates and php in an extension, but you face the same problems when it comes to upgrading - don't do it!)
    

> The current preferred method for extending templates is to use [CiviCRM Regions](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/framework/region/), where applicable. CiviCRM Regions allow you to insert your own content into CiviCRM templates without making a duplicate of the template file. This makes maintaining your Civi instance much easier, as you won't have to merge large diffs in your template files between upgrades. Check out the [docs](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/framework/region/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current preferred method for extending templates is to use [CiviCRM Regions](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/framework/region/), where applicable. CiviCRM Regions allow you to insert your own content into CiviCRM templates without making a duplicate of the template file. This makes maintaining your CiviCRM instance much easier, as you won't have to merge large diffs in your template files between upgrades. Check out the [documentation on regions](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/framework/region/) for more information.
```

> The rest of this document goes on to talk about the historical way of modifying templates by duplicating template files. This is highly discouraged over the preferred methods mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! caution
    The rest of this document goes on to talk about the historical way of modifying templates by duplicating 
    template files. This is highly discouraged over the preferred methods mentioned above.
```
